Add all the mobile app (beta) documentation (#21110)
opf/openproject: docs/mobile-app-guide/first-steps/login-troubleshooting/README.md

---
sidebar_navigation:

>   title: Login Troubleshooting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: Mobile App Troubleshooting
```

Reviewer: I would call it more generically, Troubleshooting, so that later on this page can be expanded and other types of troubleshooting can be added. 

If you agree, then we should change Login Troubleshooting to H2.

Author: This page wasn't intended to solve all types of troubleshooting of the app, but rather only those related to the login process. I would rather deal with other error cases and possible troubleshootings in a separate page.

  priority: 700
description: Resolve the most common issues logging in to the OpenProject Mobile app.

> keywords: Mobile App Login Troubleshooting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
keywords: Mobile App Login Troubleshooting, log in error, mobile app troubleshooting, mobile app error
```

---

# Login Troubleshooting

> If you’re having trouble logging in to the **OpenProject Mobile App**, the following sections will help you identify and resolve the most common issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’re having trouble logging into the **OpenProject Mobile App**, the following sections will help you identify and resolve the most common issues.
```

## Invalid or Inaccessible Instance URL

**Symptom:**  
You see a browser error such as _“The site can't be reached. The server address could not be found”_.

**Cause:**  
The URL you entered may be incorrect, inaccessible, or not using HTTPS.

> **How to Fix:**

Reviewer: Maybe consider **Solution** instead of **How to Fix** ?

*   Ensure your instance is publicly accessible and uses **HTTPS** (HTTP is not supported).
*   Try opening the same URL in your mobile browser to confirm connectivity.

## OAuth Application Not Enabled

**Symptom:**  
Login fails with a browser error such as _“An authorization error has occurred. The client is not authorised to perform this request using this method.”,_ or you are redirected back to the login screen without authentication.

**Cause:**  
The mobile app uses OAuth 2.0 for secure authentication. If the built-in OAuth applications are not enabled in your instance, the app cannot log you in.

**How to Fix:**
1.  Go to your OpenProject administration area at:  
    `{BASE_URL}/admin/oauth/applications`
2.  Make sure that **Built-in OAuth applications** are enabled.
3.  If you don’t have admin rights, contact your OpenProject administrator.

## Instance Not on Minimum Supported Version

**Symptom:**  
You know that your instance is running not on the minimum supported version, OpenProject 17.0.0, and the login fails with a browser error such as _“An authorization error has occurred. The client is not authorised to perform this request using this method.”_.

**Cause:**  

> The OpenProject Mobile App requires your instance to be on **OpenProject version 17.0.0 or later**.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenProject Mobile App requires your instance to be on **OpenProject version 17.0.0 or higher**.  
```
